Updated the readme file for the Try .NET Repo (#784)
dotnet/try: README.md

Try .NET provides developers and content authors with tools to create interactive experiences.

> There are different experiencs of  Try .NET interactive experiences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two different Try .NET interactive experiences:
```

...rather than repeat the word "experiences".

Try .NET provides developers and content authors with tools to create interactive experiences.

> There are different experiencs of  Try .NET interactive experiences, from the web experience powered by Blazor (as seen on [Microsoft docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/tutorials/intro-to-csharp/hello-world)), to interactive documentation for .NET Core with the [dotnet try global tool](DotNetTry.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two different Try .NET experiences: 
* The web experience powered by Blazor (as seen on [Microsoft docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/tutorials/intro-to-csharp/hello-world)).
* interactive documentation for .NET Core with the [`dotnet try` global tool](DotNetTry.md). 
```

> ## Experiences  

Reviewer: We can probably do without this header, and maybe even the two bullet points I suggested, since the following `###` headings reiterate them.

### Online, powered by Blazor

Microsoft Docs uses Try .NET to create interactive documentation. Users can run and edit code all in the browser.

> _**Please Note**: At the moment, the Try .NET online (`trydotnet.js API`) is currently only used internally at Microsoft as seen on docs and [.NET page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/learn/dotnet/in-browser-tutorial/1)._

Reviewer: Maybe also worth mentioning the Microsoft docs documentation about how to create interactive docs? https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/contribute/code-in-docs#interactive-code-snippets

Author: docs is still make some improvements on this experience. I would like this to be resolved before linking it here.

<img src ="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2546640/57144765-c850cc00-6d8f-11e9-982d-50d2b6dc3591.gif" width = "80%">

### Interactive .NET Core documentation with the `dotnet try` global tool

Try .NET enables .NET developers to create interactive markdown files.

> To make your markdown files interactive, you will need to [.NET Core 3.0 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/3.0), the dotnet try global tool and [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) / [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)(or any other editor of your choice). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make your markdown files interactive, you will need the [.NET Core 3.0 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/3.0), the `dotnet try` global tool and [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) / [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) (or any other editor of your choice). 
```
